hi pisces welcome back for Cooper your
part 2 4 March 2015 20 love forecast hi
guys so I'm shuffling now for the
drawing breeches romance angel stuck I
was already shuffling right before I
started this video I was actually going
to put it together with the other video
was just um I had my deck outside on my
front yard and like as i did a reading
for Scorpio outside them but let's see
what these cars want to give you guys
what one more insight they can give you
for the month of March 2015 12 shuffle
two and then three and i will cut the
deck into three i love this deck i sort
of god i remember first psychic I song
using the stick I wanted it so your card
attraction I'm not going to lie a card
actually fell out that it was called
romantic feelings and it said your your
feelings are worth exploring something
like that and it makes a lot of stuffs
because now you got attraction it says
you attract romance you'll attract
romantic love by enjoying this moment
fully so I'm guessing you guys have just
been really strong so you guys have been
really stuck in the past and staying the
other card that fell out let me see if I
can find it for you guys but um yeah
just just I want you two guys to realize
because I've dated Pisces and I've been
friends with pisces and I mean I'm a
water sign I'm a Scorpio so I understand
you guys I you guys r DP guys are
emotional you guys are sensitive and it
that's not a bad thing you know the
whole big need it realize that you guys
aren't worth it you guys are really
worth it and your your romantic feelings
are with you know exploring just like
how the out of the card said and you are
attractive you know
just make sure that you know stop
clinging on the past because if you keep
you know worrying about the X DX DX it
makes it a lot harder for you to track
someone else why because you are not
putting that energy out there that you
looking for someone so people don't come
to you and also when you find that
someone and you start dating them and
you start top you bring up the ex that
is unattractive so thank you for
watching I hope you guys enjoyed my
videos stay tuned for March 2015 Gerald
Lefcourt forecast thank you